Web component for a Leaflet map and data from Esri. Configured through a handful
of nested components.

## `<cob-map>` 

### Attributes

**heading**: Title for the map. Shown on the collapse / expand header at mobile
widths.

**latitude** / **longitude**: Position to center the map on to start. Will be
updated as the map is moved by the user. Changes to this will move the map.

**zoom**: Zoom level for the map. Will be updated as the map is zoomed. Changes
to this will zoom the map.

**show-zoom-control**: Boolean attribute for whether to show zoom buttons in the
bottom right of the map.

**show-legend**: Boolean attribute for whether to put a map legend in the
overlay.

**show-address-search**: Boolean attribute for whether to put a search box for
addresses in the overlay.

**address-search-heading**: Header to show above the address search box. Defaults
to “Address search”

**address-search-placeholder**: String to use as the placeholder in the address
search box (if visible). Defaults to “Search for an address…”

**basemap-url**: URL for an ArcGIS tiled layer basemap. Default to our custom
City of Boston basemap, layered over a generic Esri basemap.

**open-overlay**: Test attribute to make the overlay open automatically at
mobile widths. Only used so that we can take Percy screenshots of the overlay.

### Slots

**instructions**: If included, placed in the overlay above address search and
the legend.

## `<cob-map-esri-layer>`

These elements are added as children of `<cob-map>` to include layers of geo
features on the map.

### Attributes

**url**: URL for an ArcGIS feature layer.

**label**: String to show on the legend for this layer.

**icon-src**: URL to use as an icon for the layer’s features, and to show in the
legend for this layer.

**color**: For polygon layers, the color for the borders. (The fill will be a
semi-transparent version of this color).

**hover-color**: If set, the color to use for polygon borders if the mouse is
hovered over them.

**fill**: Boolean attribute. If set, regions will be filled in with the color
attribute at 20% opacity. Also causes the legend to show a box rather than a
straight line for this layer.

**popup-template**: A Mustache template to use to generate the contents of a
Leaflet popup for the layer’s features. Its context will be the feature’s
properties. To specify the template in a more editor-friendly way, use the
`popup` slot and a `<script>` tag.

### Slots

**popup**: Alternate way to define the popup template that avoids the need to
HTML escape tags and quotes. Include a `<script slot="popup"
type="text/mustache">` element whose text contents are a Mustache template. 

## `<cob-viz>`

This element bridges the JSON configuration generated by
[vizwiz](https://github.com/CityOfBoston/vizwiz) into web components. It accepts
the configuration block as an attribute or embedded `<script>` and generates the
above components.

### Attributes

**config**: A JSON string or equivalent object that defines the map and layers.
The schema for this config comes from VizWiz, so it won’t be documented here.

Any attributes prefixed with `map-` will be passed on to the generated
`<cob-map>` component. _E.g._ `map-id` or `map-style`.

### Slots

**config**: Alternate way to define the JSON configuration that avoids the need
to HTML escape and put in the “config” attribute. Include a `<script
slot="config" type="application/json">` element whose text contents are the JSON
configuration. 